Are there any events or training you’d like to attend to help you grow your skills?
Are there any projects you’d really like to work on if you were given the opportunity?
Could you see yourself making progress on more of your goals here? What would need to change to do so?
Do you feel like you are learning at work? What are the new things you learned lately? What are the areas you want to learn about?
Do you feel like you’re making progress on your big goals here? Why or why not?
Do you feel we’re helping you advance your career at a pace you would like?
Do you have the tools you need to reach your goals?
During this meeting you’ve mentioned that you’d like to pursue X. What steps can you take toward that before our next 1-on-1?
Have you ever felt undervalued here?
Have you given any more thought to your long-term goals since our last meeting? What are your latest thoughts?
How do you feel you are progressing in your career?
How do you think about your progress on your big goals? What needs to be done to move towards the goals? What can we do to help?
How do you think you did on your performance review this year? What do you think the results will be?
How is your current work helping or hurting your professional development?
If you were to create your ideal position, how would it differ from what you are currently doing?
Imagine it’s two years from now, and things have gone well: What has been your role in that? What does your role look like?
Is there a different way we can develop your skills outside of traditional training?
Is there an aspect of your job you would like more help or coaching?
Tell me about something new you learned since we met last.
To help identify and clarify the goal: What do you want to achieve? What will you do to achieve it? When will you do it? Who do you need to involve? When should you see results?
What about this goal is important to you and what will be different when you achieve the goal?
What actions will you take before our next 1-on-1 to make progress on X? (Also discuss and agree on actions you will take to help.)
What additional training or education would you like?
What are some of the work projects you’re most proud of, and what do you think you might want to do next?
What are the projects you would be interested in working on next?
What are two to three new skills you’d like to learn on the job? What about those skills interests you?
What are your big dreams in life? Are you making progress on them?
What are your goals (for our group for you personally)
What are your long term goals? Have you thought about them?
What are your super powers? What powers would you like to develop?
What areas of your job do you find difficult that getting better skills at would help?
What big questions do you have about your career opportunities in the future?
What can I do to take action or make progress on what we talked about today?
What can you do to take action or make progress on what we talked about today?
What capabilities do you want to develop?
What development areas do you want to work on in the coming weeks?
What do you see as the next step in your career?
What do you want to be doing in 5 years? 10 years? 3 years?
What do you want to do in your next job?
What else can I be doing to help you grow/advance in your career?
What goals have you set for your career?
What kind of training or experience would be most helpful to you right now?
What opportunities have you had recently to learn something new?
What other roles here could you see yourself in down the line? Or what areas would you like to explore?
What parts of your job would you like to deepen your skills in or get additional training in?
What professional goals would you like to accomplish in the next 6 to 12 months, and what makes you say that?
What skills are required to reach your goals?
What skills do you have that you think are underutilized?
What skills would you like to develop right now?
What sort of progress have you made on the next steps we discussed last time?
What work are you doing here that you feel is most in line with your long term goals?
What would make this your perfect job?
What would you like to learn about in the future?
What’s one thing we could do today to help you with your long term goals?
Where do you see your career in 1 year, 3 years? What can you do to make sure you reach those goals? How can we as HR help you to reach those goals (assuming the goals relate to the company)?
Where do you see your career in the next (2/5/10) years?
Where do you see yourself in three years? Five years?
Which career or development goals do you feel like you’re not able to focus on right now?
Which part of the work here do you feel as most relevant to your long-term goals? What kinds of projects do you want to take part in to move toward your goals?
Who in the company would you like to learn from? What do you want to learn?