Are there any obstacles I can remove for you?
As your manager, what would you like me to stop, start, or continue doing?
At what point in the past week were you most frustrated with or discouraged by your work? What can I do to help you manage that?
Do you feel you’re getting enough feedback? Why/why not?
Do you have any feedback for me?
Do you think that you receive enough feedback? Is feedback helpful for your personal development? What can I do to help you get the feedback you want?
How can I better support you?
How can I make your days more fulfilling?
How could I do a better job communicating with you?
How do you prefer to receive feedback?
How might I make this project more challenging or interesting for you?
I'd like to improve as a manager and I could really use your help. Next week, would you be willing to share some feedback on one to two things you think I could do better as your manager?
If you were me, what changes would you make?
I’m trying to make my 1-on-1s better and would appreciate your honest feedback on this one — what did you like about it, and what could be improved?
I’ve noticed that our last several 1-on-1s have stayed pretty surface. What are your honest impressions of this meeting? What could we be doing differently or better?
What additional resources can I provide for you between now and the next time we meet?
What are your impressions of our 1-on-1s? What could we do differently or better?
What are your thoughts on my changes?
What aspect of your job you would like more help or coaching?
What aspects of your work would you like more or less direction from me?
What can I be doing better to help you in your job?
What can I do as a manager to make your work easier?
What can I do better or differently as your manager to support you?
What can I do for you that I'm not?
What can I do to help remove obstacles?
What can I do to help you achieve you current goals and priorities?
What can I do to help you enjoy your work more or remove roadblocks to progress?
What can I do to help you?
What can I do to make things more manageable?
What can I do to make your job easier?
What could I do as a manager to make your work easier?
What do you like about my management style? What do you dislike?
What do you think I should know about the project, but might not?
What have your past managers done that you’d like me to also do or not do?
What is something I could do better? What feedback do you have for me?
What is something I could have done better? What are the situations that I could have helped more but didn’t?
What is the biggest challenge you are currently facing? How can I help with that?
What is the one thing that you need the most from me?
What is the percentage of my involvement in your daily tasks? Would you prefer more or less?
What would you like to know about me?
What would you like to see change about these discussions? How could we make them more useful for you?
What’s your favorite thing I do as a manager of this team I should keep doing?
Where do you think I can be most helpful?
Which areas would you like more or less direction from me on your work?
Would you like more coaching? What aspect of your job do you like more help and coaching on?