Are you happy here? What makes you say that?
Are you happy with your recent work? Why or why not?
Can you name three things we can do to help so you can enjoy your job more?What is the best accomplishment you had since you are here? Do you feel appreciated for it?
Do you feel challenged at work? Are you learning new things?
Do you feel like you're growing in your role? What makes you say that?
Do you feel over-worked, under-worked, or just the right workload?
Do you think our company is loyal to its employees? Why or why not?
Happiness level, 1 to 10?
How are you feeling about the project?
How are you feeling about your role?
How did that affect you?
How did that make you feel?
How do you feel your work/life balance is right now?
How do you think of your current workload and how are you coping with them?
How do you think that least favorite thing affects your overall performance?
How many hours a day do you feel you’re productive? How could we help you be more productive?
If you could change what happened, how would you alter it?
If you could work on anything for the next month, what would it be? What makes you say that?
In our last 1-on-1 you mentioned that you’d like to grow in X — how has that been going?
In our last 1-on-1 you mentioned you were frustrated by X and wanted to try Y as a solution. How has that been going?
In what ways does your current position allow you to use your skills and talents?
I’ve noticed X about the project… Can you help me understand that better? Talk me through your process.
Tell me about what you’ve learned on this project.
What are you most excited about?
What are you most worried about?
What are your biggest concerns about your current project(s)?
What aspect of this project has been particularly interesting for you?
What could I do to make you enjoy your work more?
What did you like most/least about that?
What do you enjoy the most in your current role?
What do you feel is your greatest accomplishment here?
What do you feel like you're learning from this project?
What do you like most about working on our team?
What do you like most about your job today?
What do you like the least?
What do you need or want to accomplish and by when?
What do you think caused that to happen?
What do you think has gone well? What do you think you could have done better? What, if anything, would you like to do, but haven't been able to?
What do you think you could be doing differently?
What drives you? What motivates you to come to work each day?
What feedback/praises have you been getting about your current priorities?
What frustrates you about the project?
What have you tried so far to make progress on it?
What interests you about the project(s) you’re currently working on, and why?
What is your favorite/least favorite thing about your work right now?
What talents do you have that you feel we are fully utilizing? Which of your talents are we not fully leveraging?
What was that experience like for you?
What would be the most helpful thing for you to take away from this conversation in order to make progress on it?
What would convince you to leave for a job somewhere else?
What would make you leave this job for another?
What’s a recent situation you wish you handled differently? What would you change?
What’s an area of your work you want to improve?
What’s one thing about your job that, if we fixed, would make you never want to leave?
What’s one thing that could make your work more satisfying, and why?
What’s the best part of your job?
What’s the worst part about your job?
What’s working well for you in your current position?
What’s your No. 1 problem right now? How are you feeling about it?
When was the time you enjoyed working here the most?
Which areas make you feel like your hands are tied or you are unable to reach your full potential?
Which areas would you like to spend more time on and why?
Which parts of your project are unclear or confusing?